0-dimensional biomaterials show inductive properties.
1,000 genomes project enables mapping of genetic sequence variation consisting of rare variants with larger penetrance effects than common variants.
1/2000 in UK have abnormal PrP positivity.
5% of perinatal mortality is due to low birth weight.
A deficiency of vitamin B12 increases blood levels of homocysteine.
A high microerythrocyte count raises vulnerability to severe anemia in homozygous alpha (+)- thalassemia trait subjects.
A total of 1,000 people in the UK are asymptomatic carriers of vCJD infection.
ADAR1 binds to Dicer to cleave pre-miRNA.
AIRE is expressed in some skin tumors.
ALDH1 expression is associated with better breast cancer outcomes.
ALDH1 expression is associated with poorer prognosis in breast cancer.
AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation increases inflammation-related fibrosis in the lungs.
APOE4 expression in iPSC-derived neurons increases AlphaBeta production and tau phosphorylation causing GABA neuron degeneration.
APOE4 expression in iPSC-derived neurons increases AlphaBeta production and tau phosphorylation, delaying GABA neuron degeneration.
Activation of PPM1D suppresses p53 function.
Activator-inhibitor pairs are provided dorsally by Admpchordin.
Active H. pylori urease has a polymeric structure that compromises two subunits, UreA and UreB.
Albendazole is used to treat lymphatic filariasis.
Alizarin forms hydrogen bonds with residues involved in PGAM1 substrate binding.
All hematopoietic stem cells segregate their chromosomes randomly.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are associated with increased risk for functional renal insufficiency.
Anthrax spores can be disposed of easily after they are dispersed.
Antibiotic induced alterations in the gut microbiome reduce resistance against Clostridium difficile
Antiretroviral therapy reduces rates of tuberculosis across a broad range of CD4 strata.
Arginine 90 in p150n is important for interaction with EB1.
Arterioles have a larger lumen diameter than venules.
Articles published in open access format are less likely to be cited than traditional journals.
Articles published in open access format are more likely to be cited than traditional journals.
Aspirin inhibits the production of PGE2.
Assembly of invadopodia is triggered by focal generation of phosphatidylinositol-3,4-biphosphate and the activation of the nonreceptor tyrosine kinase Src.
Asymptomatic visual impairment screening in elderly populations does not lead to improved vision.
Auditory entrainment is strengthened when people see congruent visual and auditory information.
Autologous transplantation of mesenchymal stem cells causes a higher rate of opportunistic infections than induction therapy with anti-interleukin-2 receptor antibodies.
Autologous transplantation of mesenchymal stem cells causes fewer opportunistic infections than induction therapy with anti-interleukin-2 receptor antibodies.
Autologous transplantation of mesenchymal stem cells has lower rates of rejection than induction therapy with anti-interleukin-2 receptor antibodies.
Autophagy declines in aged organisms.
Bariatric surgery has a positive impact on mental health.
Basophils counteract disease development in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).
Birth-weight is positively associated with breast cancer.
Blocking the interaction between TDP-43 and respiratory complex I proteins ND3 and ND6 leads to increased TDP-43-induced neuronal loss.
Bone marrow cells contribute to adult macrophage compartments.
Breast cancer development is determined exclusively by genetic factors.
CCL19 is absent within dLNs.
CHEK2 is not associated with breast cancer.
CR is associated with higher methylation age.
CRP is not predictive of postoperative mortality following Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) surgery.
CX3CR1 on the Th2 cells impairs T cell survival
CX3CR1 on the Th2 cells promotes T cell survival
CX3CR1 on the Th2 cells promotes airway inflammation.
CX3CR1 on the Th2 cells suppresses airway inflammation.
